2022-11-08
========================
I was thinking I should start writing some fanfic or something — I’ve got quite a few ideas laying around and the means to execute them but I’ve never thought of actually revealing them to the outside world, out of some blind fear that I might be ridiculed for poor writing. I know that most of the fears that I have are completely unfounded, but I still find them hard to overcome. I feel as though there is some sort of invisible barrier forcing me to bottle up these prompts and stories that I’ve written.

Now, I know that I’m realistically the only person reading this at the moment — blogs as an institution are on the backfoot and mine certainly isn’t going to be read by many people outside of myself — indeed, the only reason I have written a lot of what I have is because I feel that there is a sense of privacy in this domain. And why should I worry? No one besides me both possesses the link to this site and knows what I’ve been writing on it. I think this offers a space for me to write more creatively and reflect on some of my more underlying thoughts without having to water them down to pander to anyone else. That being said, this is on the internet — if someone wanted to, they could read everything I’d written on here and I would have no means to stop them. That is, of course, if they actually know of this site’s existence, which is slim at best. I’m more likely to be read by some moderator of WordPress itself or by some future tyrannical government than anyone who is actually interested in what I have to say. And I like that, to an extent.

I might start posting some HoloEN fics on AO3 or some other related site soon, who knows? But for now, I feel quite well staying here.

